The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking. -Steve Jobs
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. -Eleanor Roosevelt
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. -Oprah Winfrey
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -James Cameron
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. -Mother Teresa
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. -Margaret Mead
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. -Benjamin Franklin
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. -Maya Angelou
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -Abraham Lincoln
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. -Babe Ruth
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -Helen Keller
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss